yo yo yo Spidey Johnny Storm of the
world-famous Fantastic Four what on
earth are you doing in queens glad I
can't be in queens I have to be here but
you go save the world oh I got a better
idea what do you say a quick race around
Queens what is this you think just
because you can find a streak of fire oh
you could beat me I do believe that's
what I'm saying and I've got two words
for you bring it on
ready set go
are you even trying
I'm gonna take a nap give me a little
chopping to catch up to me
fantastic four
how's the view from back there
huh
that killing that just overwhelmed you
that's losing
that feeling that just overwhelmed you
yo man you're faster than I thought now
I own you yeah whatever you ever want to
race again look me up I'm usually
hanging out by the Baxter building